---
layout: post
title: Notebook for UWP 6/20/2016
category: 技术
tags: UWP
keywords: 
description: 
---

###How to copy fies to a Hyper-V VM

Here is a quick and easy way to get this work efficiently:

 - If you're running the VM, turn it off first.
 - find your virtual hard disk image file .vhd of your VM
 - Right click on this file and select mount
 - This will give "System Reserved" and "Local Disk" drives. 
 - Open the "Local Disk" drive (this is the OS drive on VM)
 - Go there and paste you files.
 - Finally unmount or eject one of the drivers 
 - Run the VM and go the c:\ drive there and you will find your files.

Reference: [StackOverFlow](https://superuser.com/questions/863099/how-to-copy-paste-files-to-hyper-v-vms/934121#934121?newreg=2b78a01d564047f89800638723331bc3)

###How to check the network status in UWP

You can get a variety of network status by the follow code:

    /// <summary>
    /// Property that returns the connection profile [ ie, availability of Internet ]
    /// Interface type can be [ 1,6,9,23,24,37,71,131,144 ]
    /// 1 - > Some other type of network interface.
    /// 6 - > An Ethernet network interface.
    /// 9 - > A token ring network interface.
    /// 23 -> A PPP network interface.
    /// 24 -> A software loopback network interface.
    /// 37 -> An ATM network interface.
    /// 71 -> An IEEE 802.11 wireless network interface.
    /// 131 -> A tunnel type encapsulation network interface.
    /// 144 -> An IEEE 1394 (Firewire) high performance serial bus network interface.
    /// </summary>
    public static bool IsConnectedToNetwork
    {
        get
        {
            var profile = NetworkInformation.GetInternetConnectionProfile();
            if (profile != null)
            {
                var interfaceType = profile.NetworkAdapter.IanaInterfaceType;
                return interfaceType == 71 || interfaceType == 6;
            }
            return false;
        }
    }
    
Reference: [MSDN](https://social.msdn.microsoft.com/Forums/en-US/d8e76732-19d3-47b3-840f-70d87c75ce9f/network-checking-in-winrt?forum=winappswithcsharp)

### Why my listviewitems not stretch in UWP listview

You must add the listviewitem style into the XAML file so that the single item can stretch in the listview, like this:

    <ListView.ItemContainerStyle>
        <Style TargetType="ListViewItem">
            <Setter Property="HorizontalContentAlignment" Value="Stretch" />
        </Style>
    </ListView.ItemContainerStyle>
    
or just add the listview attribute:

    ItemContainerStyle="{StaticResource ListViewItemExpanded}"
    
Reference: [StackOverFlow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/15067309/listviewitem-wont-stretch-to-the-width-of-a-listview)


    

 
 

